Menu:

Create a menu program that allows the user to input employee information: Name (last, first),  DOB,  SS#, street address, 
city, and zip. There will also be an option to print the data. Your program should be broken down as follows:

def menu()

This function allows the user to choose what they want to do, and returns their choice:
1. Input employee first name.
2. Input employee last name.
3. Input employee DOB
4. Input employee SS#
5. Input employee street address.
6. Input employee city.
7. Input employee zip
8. Print out employee information.
9. Quit

Menu should not stop until the user has made one of these choices.

def formatname(s):
  
This function will take a string and make the first letter capital and all of the rest of the letters lower case. It 
returns this string. 

def firstname():

This function should ask the use to input the employees first name and return that as a string. The first letter in the 
name should be capital; the rest of the letters should be lower case. If the user puts any whitespace at the beginning or
end of their name you should remove it.


def lastname():

This function should ask the use to input the employees last name and return that as a string. The first letter in the 
name should be capital; the rest of the letters should be lower case. If the user puts any whitespace at the beginning or 
end of their name you should remove it. We are not going to worry about hyphenated last names at this point.


def DOB():

This procedure returns the DOB in the format mm/dd/yyyy.  You should ask for the month, day and year separately. Month 
should be a value between 1 and 12, day a value between 1 and 31, and year a value between 1900 and the current year. 
Make sure to strip of any whitespace characters from the user input. BONUS: Check the number of days based on the month.

def SS():

Return the social security number as a string in the format XX-XXX-XXXX. You will have to input these three things 
separately. Make sure to strip of any whitespace characters from the user input.



def street():

Input the street address. Have them put in the number first, and the street name. Return this as one string.  Make sure 
to strip of any whitespace characters from the user input. 

def city():

Input the city. Make sure to strip of any whitespace characters from the user input.

def zip():

Input the five digit zip. Make sure to strip of any whitespace characters from the user input.

def print():

This should print out all of the employee information 


MAIN PROGRAM:

The main program should be in a while loop that runs until the user enters option 9. Otherwise it should call the above 
functions based on which option the user chooses.




All of this is for a single employee. We are going to learn how to handle multiple employees soon.
